So, the last function I want to
talk about is the sample function.
And the way, and the sample function
allows you to draw randomly from a,
a specific set of objects
that you specify.
So if you give it a vector of numbers,
it allows you to draw a random
sample from that vector of numbers.
And so you can kind of create any
arbitrary distribution that you want,
by specifying a vector of objects and
then sampling from it.
So here for example, I'm going to
sample from the integers one to ten.
So I pass the vector of
integers of one through ten.
And I tell it that I want to
sample randomly four of them,
without replacement.
So so I'm just choosing four random
entries from one to ten, and
here I get 3, 4, 5, 7.
If I do it again, I get 3, 9, 8, 5.
So in this, ex, example, I,
I will, I won't get repeated numbers,
because I'm not sampling with replacement.
I don't have to just sample numbers,
I can sample letters if I wanted to,
so here I'm taking the letters.
A through z, and I'm just going to sample
five of them without replacement, and
I just get q, b, e, x and p.
now, what happens if I
don't specify anything,
I just give it the vector of objects.
So here I'm [INAUDIBLE] passing sample
the vector one through ten, and if I
don't specify anything else, what it does,
is it gives me a permutation of those.
So here the vector one through ten
is just permuted in a random order.
If I call it again I get a,
I get yet another permutation.
So lastly, if I want to sample from one
through ten but with replacement, I can
specify the replace equals true argument,
so now I'm sampling one through ten,
I'm getting a vector of ten numbers
from the vector one through ten, but
because it's with replacement,
I can get repeats.
So, you can see I got eight,
three times and I got nine multiple times.
So, that's how you
sample with replacement.
So, that's a very quick summary
of the simulation functions in r.
You can draw random samples from
specific probability distributions with
the R functions.
So r norm, r plus I'm sorry,
r poiss, r binom we saw already.
All the standard distributions
are going to be built in that you ha,
have, probably you will need.
Things like the Normal, the Poisson and
the Binomial, the Exponential, Gamma, etc.
All those functions are built in.
And you can use the corresponding
r functions to simulate from them.
The sample function can be used to draw
random samples from arbitrary vectors,
if you want to kind of create
your own distribution here.
And it's very important to, to remember
to set the random number generator seed,
anytime you simulate data in r,
so that you can reproduce the results
that you got, at a later date.